Friday 11 and 11 in the morning airport
of the arriving julius erving and magic
johnson
james for you signs autographs
moses malone looks for his mistress
kevin major giving explanations of his
trip
aisha and tomás ask for their bags
dallas capital of texas is called
for its people the city ​​of the jewel
bright his daring horizon captures the
essence of a human group that fights
constantly to do everything better than
others this spirit this search
so exquisite distinguishes dallas as
the perfect scenario to live an end
of the week with the stars
from the beginning you felt that
this was going to be a very weekend
special for the nba hall of the hotel
148 Friday evening arrival
the players and coaches had a
remarkably relaxed atmosphere and
distended
his presence caused an excitement
tremendous in the whole city the press
local encouraged a series of supplements
to reflect one of the most
striking and spectacular inside the
world of sport
Friday 7 36 in the afternoon the teams of
television production prepare with
dedication this weekend with the
stars get me good planes of the
rebounds of moses malone care for the
nudges to see if you're going to take one
eye with the assistances of magic johnson
that does not escape even one please all
it has to be ready
the party on Friday night was
the first official function this meeting
with west color and beer flavor gave
the opportunity to the players and
coaches to live with those who are their
true rivals inside the court
it was one of the few times during all
the year the league meets to
celebrate your old successes
this cowboy is called urban network legend
alive of the current nba president of the
jump stick
weekend with the stars
Saturday 7 and 2 in the morning
in the early morning hours of
saturday the all-star life begins with
great activity within the arena
meeting dozens of people work
against the clock riding the park made to
measure for this great event
worked hard to transform the
Rock room in the perfect frame that
host such event
acn avn
all the details are taken care of to the maximum
the pride of the people of Dallas is
Playing
saval 10 53 in the morning to midmorning
the doors were open to the fans
some had traveled from all
corners of the country to get a
front row seat and power
witness a training of the
biggest star collection the
Eastern team in its first shot of
contact with the track made a
soft and relaxed training
meanwhile in the locker room their
West rivals prepare road
sampson up your votes
artis gilmore signs balls
already on the court hubbard and magic johnson
joke
and to roll your conscious coach
of the meaning of a party of these
features prepares some systems
simple attacks that do
serve to win given the prestige that
have this confrontation
God
the interest of the party of the stars
it was evident throughout the week in
the old shops
the stores showed all the
exclusive products of the nba in addition
the fans had the opportunity to
Test your skills against the basket
came the time let's go to the kidney arena
Saturday 12 and 29 in the morning time for
the nostalgia
in the squash
giving
so
ah
the party of the old glories proved
one thing had been a long time since
that these men said goodbye to the
courts
their faces and names were familiar but
that was missing the nerve of the competition
grace despite a somewhat slower pace
and a gray touch in their hair these
men showed that magic never
age this was a demonstration of
living history focusing talent of fame
legendary
in total 22 former players were at
hand for this third classic of
legends
We are not old glories We are legends
of basketball
each one with its peculiar form of
interpreting basketball forced us to
look back through
this is his story